Adding information on sigstore-go (#345)
sigstore/docs: content/en/language_clients/go/overview.md

---
type: docs
category: Go
title: Go Client Overview
weight: 5
---

> [`sigstore-go`](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/sigstore/sigstore-go) is the Go language client for Sigstore.
> 
> [Cosign](../../cosign/signing/overview.md) is a command line utility that is used to sign software artifacts and verify signatures using Sigstore and is also written in Go. `sigstore-go` is a lighter weight tool and boasts the following benefits:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[`sigstore-go`](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/sigstore/sigstore-go) is the Go language client library for Sigstore.

`sigstore-go` is intended as a minimal dependency library for signing and verifying. It's not intended to replace [cosign](../../cosign/signing/overview.md), which provides a CLI with many features for interacting with Sigstore. Over time, `cosign` will use `sigstore-go` for verification.
```
